PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy outlines the privacy practices associated with the MiniDev Service and covers our treatment of personal information that we collect when you install a mobile application that uses our Service.

How We Use and Collect Your Personal Data
We collect information about the product and services that you use and how you use them in order to properly provide the core or important features of our product and service, or to improve our product and service, or to provide additional features to our product (such as socializing functions or value-added services and promotions, etc.).

If you do not provide some of the information, you may not be able to continue using the product and / or services that we provide, and if you do not agree that the information to be collected after your installation or use of the product, you may stop using or uninstall our product and / or services, or contact with us for advice; for the other types of information, your refusal to provide or opt-out option may cause you unable to access certain specific features or get the best experience.

How we might share your personal information
We do not sell, rent, or otherwise disclose your personal information to third parties for their marketing and advertising purposes. We may disclose your personal information to partner companies where you have agreed to have that information shared. This disclosure may be required for us to provide you access to our Services, to comply with our legal obligations, to enforce our Terms of Use, to facilitate our marketing activities, or to prevent, detect, mitigate, and investigate fraudulent or illegal activities related to our Services. We attempt to minimize the amount of personal information we disclose to what is directly relevant and necessary to accomplish the specified purpose. We will only share information about your activity on the service with third parties under data security control.
Personal Data Security
We only keep your information for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy and to fulfil our legal obligations. When you delete data, we follow an internal deletion policy to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We will only share information about your activity on the service with third parties under data security control.

Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, or in the event that you wish to verify which of your Personal Information we have collected, please contact us via feedback function in APP.
 

How We Process Children’s Data
We understand the importance of taking extra precautions to protect the privacy and safety of children during using our products and services. We do not collect, use or disclose personal information from children. If you are under 16, you may use our website with accompany of your parents or guardians.

Update of Privacy Policy 
We reserve the right to modify the Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we decide to change the Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to the Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Service following notice of changes to the Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of any changes. Provided that, we will not change the way we use your Personal Information without receiving your consent. 

